Welcome back.
I just want to show you a quick video.
Especially for those that are familiar with javascript that there are many many ways to do loops in
Javascript.
And same with other languages as well.
There's many ways to do these loops.
So I just want to show you some quick ones that you might see throughout the course.
Just so you're familiar with them.
For example the find Nemo function that has a for loop can also be written with something like a for
each function.
So I can say Konst find Nimo to takes in an array.
And we can say that for each verey for each.
Which is pretty much the exact same thing as a for loop but requires you to not have to type this entire
thing for each item in the array so we'll say I were going to say if my calls the Nimo because in this
case with 4 each We're not taking the index we're taking the item in the array.
So maybe you could just say fishing here just so it's more or it makes more sense.
And if that is the case we'll just cancel the log found Nimo
again.
That is the same thing as this for each just allows us to simplify things a little bit.
There is also another way that we can do this in Javascript with the form of loop.
If we just copy this code and you find Nimo 3 this time the array that we're going to take we're going
to say instead of the four each.
This time we're going to say for let high of array.
And then again this gives us the same thing the eye or we can just say fish here just so it's more clear.
Is equal to nimo.
We're going to say find Nimo and if you run these functions let's make sure that they both work so find
Nimo to find all three.
And we also run find Nemo five clock run and you'll need the bracket for this one.
If I click run we see that we found Nemo all three times.
Different ways of solving this problem.
All of them are using loops but you can see some are more readable than others and that's something
that we've encountered before right.
Remember a good code means something that is scalable but also something that is readable depending
on your situation and something we'll get into later on.
How maintainable and how others on your team can understand this code.
There's different ways of doing things so that it's easier to work with.
But I hope that if you see this syntax throughout this course you're least they're familiar that at
the end of the day all we're doing is just loops.
I'll see in the next one.